I've logged into the bank,
so the login cookie is set in my browser.
Opening up dev tools,
I can see the cookie here.
Now I need to create a website that will send the forged request.
If someone stumbles upon my site,
I want them to think they're going to play a game.
When they click this button.
I want to request to be sent off to the banks transfer URL.
The transfer URL is expecting a POST request.
The body of the request needs to be
the recipient and the amount of money being transferred.
Since this is a POST request,
the content type header has to be set to this value.
Now this code will send a request,
but the bank's website checks for a specific cookie.
Credentials include, "Sends along cookies for this domain."
If the user is already logged into the bank,
then the browser has a login cookie and
automatically includes it when the request is sent.
Lastly, when someone clicks on a button,
I'll change the button text to this encouraging message.
All right, let's try it out. Clicking the button
changes the text, so something has happened.
In dev tools, I can see the request that just got sent.
And here's the cookie that got set in the other tab.
Refreshing the bank site,
I see this new entry, it's worked.
And here's the code that the quiz is looking for.
This was an involved exercise, so great job!